Seems like there’s
something ev’ryday,
Some new test that comes my way—
something ev’ryday.
I never know
what it might be,
But whatever it might be,
I know I have the key.
‘Cause I can face it if I’m steady,
And prepare so I’ll be ready;
How to act and what to say
When a challenge comes my way.
At times it’s tough
for me out there,
And so I turn
to God in prayer.
I pray I’ll pass each test—
Ev’ry one that comes my way.
I pray I’ll pass each test,
And be faithful through the day.
Some things
I know I’ll face again.
Like the pressure to fit in—
face it once again.
There will be times
when other kids
Do the things that God forbids—
the things that God forbids.
And pressure me to go along with
Kids I know I don’t belong with.
That’s the time
I call to mind
I don’t want to be that kind—
‘Cause I’m a Witness for God’s name.
So there’s no cause
to be ashamed.
I’m glad I passed the test.
I was faithful all day long.
I’m glad that I was strong.